#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-server.in
#
adlfs==2024.2.0
    # via oasis-data-manager
aiobotocore==2.12.0
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aioredis
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==23.6.2
    # via daphne
automat==22.10.0
    # via twisted
azure-core==1.30.1
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.15.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.19.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   django-storages
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.34.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   oasis-data-manager
botocore==1.34.51
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
chainmap==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements-server.in
channels==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements-server.in
chardet==5.2.0
    # via ods-tools
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   fiona
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   fiona
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cligj==0.7.2
    # via fiona
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements-server.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cramjam==2.8.2
    # via fastparquet
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==2.5.0
    # via channels
dask[dataframe]==2022.12.1
    # via
    #   dask-geopandas
    #   dask-sql
    #   distributed
    #   oasis-data-manager
dask-geopandas==0.3.1
    # via oasis-data-manager
dask-sql==2024.1.0
    # via oasis-data-manager
distributed==2022.12.1
    # via
    #   dask-geopandas
    #   dask-sql
    #   oasis-data-manager
django==3.2.24
    # via
    #   channels
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-request-logging
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-cleanup==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-model-utils==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-request-logging==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-storages[azure]==1.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   django-storages
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements-server.in
drf-nested-routers==0.93.5
    # via -r requirements-server.in
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements-server.in
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via dask-sql
fastparquet==2024.2.0
    # via oasis-data-manager
fiona==1.9.5
    # via geopandas
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   dask
    #   fastparquet
    #   oasis-data-manager
    #   s3fs
geopandas==0.14.3
    # via
    #   dask-geopandas
    #   oasis-data-manager
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hiredis==2.3.2
    # via aioredis
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via pyrabbit
httpx==0.27.0
    # via dask-sql
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
incremental==22.10.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   distributed
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements-server.in
josepy==1.14.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonpickle==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements-server.in
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via ods-tools
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   ods-tools
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.3.5
    # via celery
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markdown==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements-server.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
msal==1.27.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.1.0
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==0.6.2
    # via
    #   channels-redis
    #   distributed
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements-server.in
numba==0.59.0
    # via ods-tools
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   dask
    #   fastparquet
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pyogrio
    #   shapely
oasis-data-manager[extra]==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   ods-tools
ods-tools==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements-server.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-geopandas
    #   distributed
    #   drf-yasg
    #   fastparquet
    #   geopandas
    #   gunicorn
    #   msal-extensions
    #   ods-tools
    #   pyogrio
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   dask
    #   dask-sql
    #   fastparquet
    #   geopandas
    #   oasis-data-manager
    #   ods-tools
partd==1.4.1
    # via dask
pathlib2==2.3.7.post1
    # via -r requirements-server.in
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via msal-extensions
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   dask-sql
psutil==5.9.8
    # via distributed
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements-server.in
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via service-identity
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.3
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.17.2
    # via dask-sql
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   msal
pymysql==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
pyogrio==0.7.2
    # via oasis-data-manager
pyopenssl==24.0.0
    # via
    #   josepy
    #   twisted
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via httplib2
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via geopandas
pyrabbit==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   drf-yasg
redis==5.0.2
    # via -r requirements-server.in
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   coreapi
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3fs==2024.2.0
    # via oasis-data-manager
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3
service-identity==24.1.0
    # via twisted
shapely==2.0.3
    # via geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   azure-core
    #   fiona
    #   isodate
    #   pathlib2
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
sqlalchemy==2.0.27
    # via -r requirements-server.in
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via dask-sql
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.4
    # via distributed
twisted[tls]==24.3.0
    # via
    #   daphne
    #   twisted
txaio==23.1.1
    # via autobahn
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via oasis-data-manager
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   fastapi
    #   oasis-data-manager
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   twisted
tzdata==2024.1
    # via celery
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dask-sql
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.27.1
    # via dask-sql
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aiobotocore
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zope-interface==6.2
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
